applications: nrf5340_audio: Changed nrf_rtc_cc_get loop delay. (#22247)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v3-0-1 v3-0-0

OCT-3368: For 16 and 24 kHz, the application may repeatedly print "audio_sync_timer: Unable to get new CC value"

>   This may cause degraded audio quality. This issue is a continuation/manifests the same as OCT-2585.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This may cause degraded audio quality.
  This issue is a related to the issue OCT-2585 and it shows the same behavior.
```
